I completed the Python Zero to Mastery course on 11/1/2022 - here is what I learned. We started off the course learning the fundementals of Python. All of this was familiar to me since I have a solid understanding of javascript, so it was just learning a new syntax. The fundamentals were more or less similar to JS, then we learned advanced topics like decorators and generators, OOP, functional programming, error hadling. 

After taking the course I now see the power of Python is primarily in the community, the comminity made pip possible for instaling packages and there are a boat load of modules we can import and use in our apps - Python is also easy to learn syntactically and has many use cases. Topics we got an understanding for but can be dove deeper in themselves include: Writing unit tests, scripts working with PDF's, images, emails, texts, working with apis, web scraping, web-development : setting up a server with flask, automation / testing with Selenium , finally machine learning / data science using numpy, pandas, sklearn, matplot lib to create an iris flower detector

Python is an easy, general purpose language that can be used to do many different things. I love that its easy to get up and running and can't wait to create projects using python, I already have ideas like automating a script to send a message to my girlfriend or whenever receieving data, manipulating it and visualizing it.

Thank you Andrei for your wonderful teaching skills. I look forward to taking more courses and making my basket of knowledge even larger. After completing this Python course, it opens my eyes to another programming language altoether and many things that can be done easier than using JS ... but I still think I like web development more with JS